---
title: My Tepper's Essay - Class of 2024
---

_**The Tepper community is dynamic and unique. Each community member’s individual journey has shaped them into classmates who are collaborative, supportive and inclusive. Describe how you have overcome adversity during your journey. What did you learn about yourself and how has that shaped who you are?**_


Hi, I’m Luiz. I currently live in Seattle, Washington, and work as a Senior Program Manager for Amazon Ads. I own critical advertising business functions by providing design and operational product requirements guidance, enabling a common business understanding of product growth and business opportunity, and managing user acceptance testing while driving product issue resolution.

Although this is a pleasant introduction, my life wasn’t always fancy like that. I was born in a rural lower middle class family in Brazil where money always fell short of aspiration, and the water came from the ground via a manual well pump. In fact, having no electricity at home during my childhood, made me nurture a passion for books, and they changed my life. Through books, I’ve learned things I didn’t know, I didn’t know. Through books, I realized I could do more, and could be more. I started working at 13 years in a woodwork shop to support my family, and today, I have made myself a successful program and marketing manager at one of the largest companies in the world.

Eventually, even being a working student and having to walk ten miles per day to the closest bus station, against all the odds, I was the first person in my family to finish college, earning an Associate Degree in marketing in 2013. Throughout the college I’ve remained connected with my roots, and by leveraging college’s internet network, I’ve learned how to code and started a small blog to write about my passion for books. The blog’s audience grew up to thousand of readers, which drew the attention from book publishers that saw an opportunity to promote their books to a qualified audience, and for me, the opportunity to pay back to community. To curb economic disparity, instead of charging payment for advertising exposure, I’ve asked publishers to give away books to lower-income communities.

During its existence, the blog contributed to the donation of thousand of books, and has deepened my knowledge and passion for advertising and technology. Years later, this experience has led me to join Amazon in Brazil as a Marketing Specialist to design and manage the paid search strategy for the books category, the only product category available locally back in 2016, and where I’ve learned other ways to collaborate and support my community through coaching, mentorship, and hiring programs.

Having a thrilling life journey so far, I aspire now for an MBA to speed up my leadership growth, which will allow me to lead with self-awareness and empathy while building the foundations to expand my impact, becoming a force multiplier. Through my diverse experiences, I believe I have gained important lessons which I can share with the incoming class of Tepper Business School at Carnegie Mellon.